it had been a success from the beginning on the dutch sesame street
Blowing from America for the TV series was set up to take the poor children out
pakistans give way language and arithmetic
The Dutch don't need children just went to kindergarten
the initial period but in that case we mainly focus on socially emotional
development and that means about it
points fears fights that kind of thing but in the netherlands again for more of it
interest
and there for thirty years the same setup has been made in the Netherlands part with pino
tommie and the rest and a purchased american filmmaker known among other things
if there is of course kermit
i have 8 more benefits amber also keeps the pkn
work there
sesame street as a reflection of the normal street
all the characters are just clever until the blast turned into moors and van
young to old and that is about toddler themes in the past it was fiery colors
she is certainly as a philip has been a reflection of society
that is partly because the intuition of the makers is naturally in the time in which
program is broadcast
On the other hand, there has also been a time when the much needed statement
had to make enzymes in jeans and tongs had to walk and saw and
carpentry and things like that and of course we had to adjust cups, we don't do that
more
target
The anniversary is celebrated with a new record starting from Saturday for the first time
can be seen
but it is not just party recess to street the program is on recently
an early time broadcast so many viewers have dropped out and the nps
is going to disappear who was later broadcasting sesame street is unclear but that the
strong every word goes out the creators don't believe on the dolls they either
dig a unique press conference this afternoon it will be fine but I have
heard 13 39 years
he will kick out
And there the NPCF continues to exist and it remains a fact that it exists
we have to go there 8
but today, of course, it was mainly about the birthday of sesame street vague
X